nuke qualifications. It depends on the requirements assed faras qualifications.
But in terms off personality traits, um, work ethic is a big
one. Initiative is a big one. Um, attitude is a big so those are
probably be three huge factors in terms of looking for a team member.
Other things you can kind of develop and work to develop going forward.
But if they have a work effort, work ethic, that's like half the
battle because of you, a person works hard and they take the initiative
to do something. That's kind of ah, what a lot of people in the
Navy say a fire forget because I can ask a person to do something.
And before I'm finished with my question, there is already halfway
done, so work ethic is is huge for me.